build/termlist-header.md, before:

# Chronometric Age Vocabulary List of Terms

Title
: Chronometric Age Vocabulary List of Terms

Namespace IRI:
: http://rs.tdwg.org/chrono/terms/

Preferred namespace abbreviation
: chrono:

Date version issued
: 2025-06-12

Date created
: 2021-04-27

Part of TDWG Standard
: <http://www.tdwg.org/standards/450>

This version
: <http://rs.tdwg.org/dwc/doc/chrono/2025-06-12>

Latest version
: <http://rs.tdwg.org/dwc/doc/chrono/>

Previous version
: <http://rs.tdwg.org/dwc/doc/chrono/2021-04-27>

Abstract
: The Chronometric Age Vocabulary is a standard for transmitting information about chronometric ages - the processes and results of an assay or other analysis used to determine the age of a MaterialSample. This document lists all terms in namespaces currently used in the vocabulary.

Contributors
: John Wieczorek, Laura Brenskelle, Robert Guralnick, Kitty Emery, Michelle LeFebvre, Neill Wallis, Steve Baskauf, Marie Elise Lecoq, Eric Kansa, Sarah Kansa, Denné Reed

Creator
: TDWG Darwin Core Chronometric Age Extension Task Group

Bibliographic citation
: TDWG Darwin Core Chronometric Age Extension Task Group. 2025. Chronometric Age Vocabulary. Biodiversity Information Standards (TDWG). <http://rs.tdwg.org/dwc/doc/chrono/2025-06-12>


## 1 Introduction

This document contains all versions of terms in the Chronometric Age vocabulary (<http://rs.tdwg.org/version/chrono/2025-06-12>). The vocabulary uses the namespace abbreviation `chrono:`. Earlier term versions using the `zooarchnet:` namespace are deprecated and should no longer be used. These deprecated terms can be found at <http://rs.tdwg.org/chrono/zooarchnet/>.

For a simplified list that contains only the currently recommended terms, see the Chronometric Age Quick Reference Guide (<https://tdwg.github.io/chrono/terms/>).

### 1.1 Status of the content of this document

In Section 4, the values of the `Term IRI`, and `Definition` are normative. The values of `Term Name` are non-normative, although one can expect that the namespace abbreviation prefix is one commonly used for the term namespace.  `Label` and the values of all other properties (such as `Notes` and `Examples`) are non-normative.

### 1.2 RFC 2119 key words
The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as described in [RFC 2119](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2119).

## 2 Use of Terms

The terms in this standard are meant to provide stable definitions that can be used in a variety of contexts, but were envisioned principally to function together as an extension to Darwin Core, where each core record may be annotated by one or more chronometric ages.

## 3 Term index

Commit message:

Modify List of Terms build script to dynamically insert document metadata

build/termlist-header.md, after:

# {document_title}

Title
: {document_title}

Namespace IRI:
: http://rs.tdwg.org/chrono/terms/

Preferred namespace abbreviation
: chrono:

Date version issued
: {ratification_date}

Date created
: {created_date}

Part of TDWG Standard
: <{standard_iri}>

This version
: <{current_iri}{ratification_date}>

Latest version
: <{current_iri}>

{previous_version_slot}

Abstract
: {abstract}

Contributors
: {contributors}

Creator
: {creator}

Bibliographic citation
: {creator}. {year}. {document_title}. {publisher}. <{current_iri}{ratification_date}>

## 1 Introduction

This document contains all versions of terms in the Chronometric Age vocabulary (<http://rs.tdwg.org/version/chrono/{ratification_date}>). The vocabulary uses the namespace abbreviation `chrono:`. Earlier term versions using the `zooarchnet:` namespace are deprecated and should no longer be used. These deprecated terms can be found at <http://rs.tdwg.org/chrono/zooarchnet/>. 

Some terms are intended for use with values that are IRIs. Those terms use the namespace abbreviation `chronoiri:` (`http://rs.tdwg.org/chrono/iri/`).

For a simplified list that contains only the currently recommended terms, see the Chronometric Age Quick Reference Guide (<https://tdwg.github.io/chrono/terms/>).

### 1.1 Status of the content of this document

In Section 4, the values of the `Term IRI`, and `Definition` are normative. The values of `Term Name` are non-normative, although one can expect that the namespace abbreviation prefix is one commonly used for the term namespace.  `Label` and the values of all other properties (such as `Notes` and `Examples`) are non-normative.

### 1.2 RFC 2119 key words
The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as described in [RFC 2119](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2119).

## 2 Use of Terms

The terms in this standard are meant to provide stable definitions that can be used in a variety of contexts, but were envisioned principally to function together as an extension to Darwin Core, where each core record may be annotated by one or more chronometric ages.

## 3 Term index
